The nail clippers were a product that was minor in the
procurement process, but a specific item that directly
impacted patient treatment and care.
From the logistics viewpoint, it was important to follow
the correct process to get the item in, standardize
the item, and ensure the correct procurement source.
However, it is important to remember the impact on patient
care and customer service.
The rehab unit was the customer who requested the item to
improve the patient experience.
As a result, it is imperative that the logistics staff
work closely with the customer to meet the needs and the
mission of the agency.